---
title: Building local AitM simulation with Evilginx
date: 2024-12-03
description: Get to know how AitM takes place on your Microsoft account
categories: [Evilginx,phishing]
tags: [phishing,evilginx,phishlet,token,aitm] # TAG names should always be lowercase
media_subpath: /assets/img/AitM/
image:
  path: evilginx.png
  width: 100%
  height: 100%
  alt:
---

- Download and install Virtual box
- Download windows 11 and/or kali linux
- Create NAT Network
- Add both machines in this NAT Network to let them connect
- FInish up configuration for windows (Guided install or Manual install)
- Clone EvilGinx2 from the github page (on win or kali)
- Once the install has been done, open up a CMD with the line ipconfig /all 
- If you've choose Kali linux open a terminal and run ifconfig to show the ipaddres
- Write down the IP adresses of the machines
- Install pre-req (Aanvullen)
- Install Go (Add profile onderdeel toevoegen of sh script maken voor gemak)
- Install Google Chrome
- Add the extention AceStorage
- AceStorage will be used to add cookies which is your key to the microsoft account you are phishing
- ctrl - shift - delete
- Remove all the data which is in the browser to prefent issues with adding a new session cookie
- Download een phishlet (In dit geval gebruiken we de MS phishlet)
- Add the phishlet file to the folder
- Run Evilginx
- use command phishlet create
- phishlet enable microsoft
- phishlet get-url microsoft
- Open the hosts file in the system32/driver folder as administrator and add the ip and url's you retrieved from the phishlet. These can be allot due to the fact many possible sources can occur. 
- use command lures create microsoft
- The phishing is currently set and ready to be run
- Take the lure url from evilginx and run it in edge on the victim windows 11 machine
- You will receive the error that the page is not safe as we have not setup a real domain to be used. We can use a local certificate to let the browser trust the website and to wich it will not show any error's anymore. 

- Once you can visiting the page you will see a microsoft login page
- In Evilginx you will see that a new visitor has entered the instance and is about to fill his credentials. 
- Once you fill your password it will continue loging in. Noting the domain in the upper part of the browser, you will see that this is a fake domain, although you get a real microsoft login page. Once logged in it will ask you to finish the MFA prompt. If you did this correct it will steal the token. 

Evilginx will now show you that the user has entered his creds and a token has been stolen. If you want to see the full session information you can use the following line

sessions 1 (First digit of the session) Remember, everything can be done with autocomplete


It will show the session (Time, date, username, e-mail, password, token, from which url,)
The session cookie is in JSON format. This is where the AceStorage extention comes in. The whole cookie has to be copied and placed in the import of the extention. The cookie will be added in your browser. Make sure to clean up your browser so that there is no interferance of older data. 

Visit portal.office.com and click to continue to login to use the session cookie. 

You are now logged in to the user that has been phished and can use whatever the user can use. 

This way you can show users what happens in the background once they get phished. 






